I've been an insecure and reserved person since childhood.
When I finished school, my report said that I was unable to express myself and that I had a limited vocabulary.
These words injured my already low self-esteem.
So I started to wonder, what am I living for?
During my teenage years, I began to drink alcohol.
Life seemed meaningless to me.
I felt depressed and started to have suicidal thoughts.
When I was around 20, I became obsessed with hard rock.
This music really charged me with energy.
I loved its roughness and rapidness.
It whipped me into a frenzy.
In time, I became rude and aggressive.
I often quarreled with those close to me.
This, of course, did not bring me happiness.
I started to have suicidal thoughts again, but serious ones this time.
The only thing that stopped me was the thought that my mom would not survive it.
I tried to take my mind off these thoughts, and I began to want to do something for God.
For the first time in my life, I poured out my heart to God in prayer.
I asked Him to help me find my purpose in life.
Just two hours later, Jehovah's Witnesses knocked on my door and offered a Bible study.
That's how my new, happy life began.
Although it wasn't easy for me, I got rid of everything that was related to hard rock and alcohol.
I thought that I would never be able to tell others about my faith.
At the same time, however, I understood that people needed to hear about it.
But to my surprise, my preaching gave me confidence.
It also strengthened my faith.
Now I have a good family.
I'm happy that I've been able to help people, including my sister and mom, to learn the truth from the Bible.
Throughout my life as a Christian, Jehovah's words at Hebrews 13.5 have greatly supported me.
I will never leave you, and I will never abandon you.
And He didn't abandon me, even when I did not know Him.